I have not watched the telephone music
video yet I'm gonna wait another 45
minutes to watch this music video
everybody is blowing up my timeline on
Twitter about this telephone music video
scorpy you can watch it scorpy this epic
time places in the video the pussy wagon
to get on Twitter because I'm tired of
everybody spoiling this music video for
me I've been playing Wii tennis on
internet for like two hours
kicking ass getting my ass kicked but
kicking my hands in my ass kick you know
me so I'm trying to do all these things
to kill the time that have to wait to
mice music video that's why I'm
recording this video right now and I'm
gonna add this one to my review so after
you see this you can see the review but
I'm going crazy because I'm fun to see
the telephone music video but I refuse
to watch the link because I'm a real
master and real monsters can wait we've
been waiting for this music thing on the
since November once we found out it was
the second single so you mean to tell me
you could wait another thirty one eat
after push back and the push back that's
the push back and the push back I push
back I push back come on now come on now
so I'm gonna make me a cocktail and I'm
gonna do my telephone with me which is
right after this video please rate and
comment and if you do not click the
yellow button
you better click the yellow button right
now and subscribe
hey what's going on you two this the
scorpion I have been waiting to review
the toko music video since like February
because I thought the video was gonna
come on in February but we have been
waiting for the music video since
November and the video just came out
tonight
which is March another it came on again
but of course they really premiered on
the Internet
but I was refusing to watch it on the
internet and I did not watch it on the
internet because I am a roux monster and
I watched it on idiot I won't breathe I
mean II there's millions and millions of
views because everybody has been
anticipating the telephone music video
we kept getting teased with all these
different pictures of Beyonce Lady Gaga
did we'll get busy guys out but a hair
bun around I mean you know came wrapped
around fucking they won't get behind st.
standing posted on the bed but they're
really good attention went to the shoe
but she still look great but you know
the shoe and it's gonna really catch
your mind up like she looks fucking good
but you know they kept teasing us but
these damn pictures and then you got
with the caution and all that I was like
yes this video is gonna be the best
video this video is gonna be sick and
then I watched the video of course I was
enjoying the video cuz you know data's
in jail and I believe paper gangster was
playing on the arm when I'm ready over
the jump nothing I'm wrong I'm loving
the song but um you know it was good
that was fighting this shit cuz you know
this but the ones in Lady Gaga was
kissing and they're not seen Lady Gaga
put the cigarette glasses then when my
ass was done you know cuz I was watching
on TV with you know the rest of the
subscribers and Twitter people I was
like
I think it was even I don't think it was
smoking or not but it just looks so deep
I'm like oh my god Lady Gaga is just
killing us with the fashion and then
like I mean then Beyonce gets on a
screen and they're all hell breaks loose
you know she spells Lady Gaga out of
jail
they killed Tyrese in the diner but
after they killed Tyrese and all other
people died that's when I got confused
I'm like what the hell is this video
about
I don't understand the concept on this
video because you know we know what
telephone is about we understand the
concept of that song but the concept of
the video did not match the song so I'm
like oh my goodness like that is killing
me with the fashion they killed me but
the dance is so bad that I had to go put
on my red white and blue truck cuz you
know they was wearing red white and blue
and it was killing them with the
choreography which was so on point it
was so good like this video it was good
but you know it confused me and I wish
that the video had more of a concept to
it with sense to me
I mean what's you know my opinion is I'm
gonna Lady Gaga says that she feels bad
for the bad romance video but I actually
like bad romance better than the
telephone video and not even like the
paparazzi video better than the
telephone video I know you're probably
saying squirtman
you are a crazy motherfucker how can you
even think like that but I think that is
I'm sorry it was just all this fancy
going on all these pastors going yes
they look good but what is the concept
of the video over the concept you know
let's not say Knobloch TV and then some
people die why I only said that because
the answer is in the video that's not
true and anything I can assistant about
beyond sex acting but I can't give a
damn damn people
Oh what the answer is a bad actor what
two minutes it seemed like she was
following the wrong lady gaga you have
been a bad bad girl she wasn't being it
to be a bad bad girl anyway that's just
my opinion I like the other videos
better then telephone but the fashion is
on point
the colors are on point everything is on
point for this time for the concept and
that's why I can't say oh I gotta watch
this vid but I'm not a big fashion
person neither so maybe it just didn't
work for me I don't know I get the video
I'll be plus it's Lady Gaga's best video
I'm not saying it's the best video ever
beautiful to say it now make me
understand the concept of this video
when we see the next video which is I
don't know it could be Alejandro or I
wished it was monster monster should
really be the next single it was you
know I really I said some stuff and you
know I said like I don't like singing
the lyrics to monster but that song is
this hot now this part it's really
really hot so I think this should be the
next single and it will go well with the
spring of summertime but anyway that's
just my opinion I just wish that this
video had a concept I will be replying
to your comments I hope to see some
video responses from you guys and I want
something
peace yo so am I wrong for my opinion
yes cuz that video was way better than
bad romance work the best video Beyonce
ever gonna tell me what you think about
the video
he hired up he'll know nothing right now
turn around turn around
no come on China what do you think he'll
video alright that's legal your 20
seconds I'm gaga